Snowpark Learn PR (#3084)
astronomer/docs: learn/use-case_snowpark_customer_analytics.md

---

> title: "Production-ready ML with Airflow, Snowpark, and Weaviate"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "ML for Customer Analytics with Airflow, Snowpark, and Weaviate"
```
What do you think of this title? I think we should be a little more specific than "ML", since a lot of these use cases are ML-related.

description: "Use Airflow, Snowpark and Weaviate to use Customer sentiment to predict LTV"
id: use-case-ml-airflow-snowpark-weaviate

> sidebar_label: "ML with Snowpark and Airflow"

Author: Done i think!

sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/integrations/snowpark.png' }
---

![A screenshot of the streamlit application created in this use case that shows the customer analytics dashboard](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_streamlitdashboardss1.png)

[Snowpark ML](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark-ml/index) (in public preview) is a python framework for Machine Learning workloads with [Snowpark](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark/python/index.html).  Currently Snowpark ML provides a model registry (storing ML tracking data and models in Snowflake tables and stages), feature engineering primitives similar to scikit-learn (ie. LabelEncoder, OneHotEncoder, etc.) and support for training and deploying [certain model types](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/snowpark-ml/snowpark-ml-modeling#snowpark-ml-modeling-classes) as well as deployments as user-defined functions (UDFs).

> This guide demonstrates how to use Apache Airflow to orchestrate a machine learning pipeline leveraging the Snowpark provider and Snowpark ML for feature engineering and model tracking. While Snowpark ML has its own support for models similar to scikit-learn this code demonstrates a "bring-your-own" model approach showing the use of open-source scikit-learn along with Snowpark ML model registry and model serving in an Airflow task rather than Snowpark user-defined function (UDF).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case demonstrates how to use Apache Airflow to orchestrate a machine learning pipeline leveraging the Snowpark provider and Snowpark ML for feature engineering and model tracking. While Snowpark ML has its own support for models similar to scikit-learn, this code demonstrates a "bring-your-own" model approach showing the use of open-source scikit-learn along with Snowpark ML model registry and model serving in an Airflow task rather than Snowpark user-defined function (UDF).  
```
Do we have Snowpark provider docs we can link to here?

Author: yep, updated

![A screenshot of the Customer Analytics DAG](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_ca_dag_2.png)

> This demonstration shows how to build a customer analytics dashboard.  Sissy-G Toys is a fictitious online retailer for toys and games.  The GroundTruth customer analytics application provides marketing, sales and product managers with a one-stop-shop for analytics.  The application uses machine learning models for audio transcription, natural language embeddings and sentiment analysis on structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. All of the processing and prediction work is managed by Airflow, leveraging Snowparks compute and proximity to Snowflake data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstration shows how to build a customer analytics dashboard for a fictitious online retailer for toys and games. The application uses machine learning models for audio transcription, natural language embeddings and sentiment analysis on structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.
```

> This demo also shows the use of the Snowflake XCOM backend which supports security and governance by serializing all task in/output to Snowflake tables and stages while storing in the Airflow XCOM table a URI pointer to the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo also shows the use of the Snowflake XCom backend which supports security and governance by serializing all task in/output to Snowflake tables and stages while storing in the Airflow XCom table a URI pointer to the data.
```

This workflow includes:

> - sourcing structured, unstructured and semistructured data from different systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sourcing structured, unstructured and semistructured data from different systems.
```
Same edits with all the other bullets - capitalize first word

- ingest with Astronomer's [python SDK for Airflow](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk)
- audio file transcription with [OpenAI Whisper](https://github.com/openai/whisper)
- natural language embeddings with [OpenAI Embeddings](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/embeddings) and the [Weaviate provider for Airflow](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-provider-weaviate)
- vector search with [Weaviate](https://weaviate.io/)
- sentiment classification with [LightGBM](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pythonapi/lightgbm.LGBMClassifier.html)  
- ML model management with [Snowflake ML](https://docs.snowflake.com/LIMITEDACCESS/snowflake-ml-modeling)
  
All of the above are presented in a [Streamlit](http://www.streamlit.io) application.  

## Before you start

Before trying this example, make sure you have:

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview).
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).
- A [Snowflake](https://www.snowflake.com/en/) Account with AccountAdmin permissions
- (Optional) OpenAI account or [Trial Account](https://platform.openai.com/signup)

> ## Set-up the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone the project
```
Let's keep the language on the headers consistent with other published use cases.

Clone the example project from the [Astronomer GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/tree/main).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo
cd airflow-snowparkml-demo 
```

> ![A screenshot of the environment file structure](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_filestructure_3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think the screenshot is necessary here since we're not referring to any of the files other than .env

Open the `.env` file in an editor and update the following variables with you account information. You only need to update the Snowflake Connection details to be able to run the Customer Analytics DAG. However, if you'd like to enable chat capabilities in the final streamlit application, please add an OpenAI API key where designated in the .env file as well. 

> This demo assumes the use of a new Snowflake trial account with admin privileges.  A database named 'DEMO' and schema named 'DEMO' will be created in the DAG.  Running this demo without admin privileges or with existing database/schema will require further updates to the `.env` file.

Reviewer: This could be pulled out into a :::note box, and put below the text box with the env contents that need to be updated.

Author: Cool think I got the syntax right

> - AIRFLOW_CONN_SNOWFLAKE_DEFAULT  

Reviewer: Let's put these in a text block like they appear in the .env file, instead of in bullet form. I think that will make it clearer what the user is supposed to update.

Author: Done!

  -- login  
  -- password  
  -- account **  
- OPENAI_APIKEY  
  
** The Snowflake `account` field of the connection should use the new `ORG_NAME-ACCOUNT_NAME` format as per [Snowflake Account Identifier policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier).  The ORG and ACCOUNT names can be found in the confirmation email or in the Snowflake login link (ie. `https://xxxxxxx-yyy11111.snowflakecomputing.com/console/login`)
Do not specify a `region` when using this format for accounts.
  

> NOTE: Database and Schema names should be CAPITALIZED due to a bug in Snowpark ML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

Database and Schema names should be CAPITALIZED due to a bug in Snowpark ML.

:::
```

## Run the project

To run the example project, first make sure Docker Desktop is running. Then, open your project directory and run:

```sh
astro dev start
```

> ![A screenshot of the Airflow UI with active Customer Analytics DAG](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_activeplaybutton_4.png)

Reviewer: Let's move the screenshot below the paragraph describing the docker containers.

Author: Done!

This command builds your project and spins up 5 Docker containers on your machine to run it. In addition to the 4 standard Airflow containers, a Weaviate container is spun up as well. This allows us to run a fully local Weaviate environment for local development, giving every developer their own dedicated testing environment.

> After the command finishes, open the the [Airflow UI](http://localhost:8080/) and press trigger the `customer_analytics` DAG using the play button. Then, monitor its status as it completes via the graph view!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the command finishes, open the the [Airflow UI](http://localhost:8080/) and trigger the `customer_analytics` DAG using the play button. Then, monitor its status as it completes via the graph view.
```

## View Results in Streamlit

Once the DAG has completed, you can look at the results in a Streamlit customer analytics dashboard. 
Streamlit has been installed alongside the Airflow UI in the webserver container, and there's a script in the include directory called `streamlit_app.py` that you'll use to create the dashboard.

To do so, first go to your projects root directory and connect to the webserver container with the Astro CLI
```bash
astro dev bash -w
``` 

Then, run the following command to start Streamlit
```bash
cd include/streamlit/src
python -m streamlit run ./streamlit_app.py
```

You can then open the [streamlit application](http://localhost:8501) in a browser. All of the customer analytics produced by your DAG will be visualized here, and if you've added an Open-AI key to your .env file, you'll be able to leverage the chatbot functionality to search for customer reviews by keyword as depicted below: 

![A screenshot of the Airflow UI with active Customer Analytics DAG](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_chatinteraction_streamlit_5.png.png)

## Project Code

> This project consists of one DAG, [customer_analytics](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/blob/main/dags/customer_analytics.py) which demonstrates an end-to-end ML application workflow using OpenAI embeddings with a Weaviate vector database as well as Snowpark decorators, the Snowflake XCOM backend and the Snowpark ML model registry. The Astro CLI can easily be adapted to include additionalDocker-based services, in this use case we used  Weaviate and streamlit.

Reviewer: @astronautyates think this comment was missed.

> This project consists of one DAG, [customer_analytics](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/blob/main/dags/customer_analytics.py) which demonstrates an end-to-end ML application workflow using OpenAI embeddings with a Weaviate vector database as well as Snowpark decorators, the Snowflake XCOM backend and the Snowpark ML model registry. The Astro CLI can easily be adapted to include additionalDocker-based services, in this use case we used  Weaviate and streamlit.

Author: Done, let me know if you think it needs addtional description

                            {snowflake_objects['demo_schema']}.\
                            {snowflake_objects['demo_xcom_table']}
                                    ( 
                                        dag_id varchar NOT NULL, 
                                        task_id varchar NOT NULL, 
                                        run_id varchar NOT NULL,
                                        multi_index integer NOT NULL,
                                        key varchar NOT NULL,
                                        value_type varchar NOT NULL,
                                        value varchar NOT NULL
                                 ); 
                              """).collect()
        
        snowpark_session.sql(f"""CREATE OR REPLACE STAGE \
                                {snowflake_objects['demo_database']}.\
                                {snowflake_objects['demo_schema']}.\
                                {calls_directory_stage} 
                                        DIRECTORY = (ENABLE = TRUE) 
                                        ENCRYPTION = (TYPE = 'SNOWFLAKE_SSE');
                                """).collect()
```

> Task ‘create_snowflake_objects’:

Reviewer: @astronautyates this one was missed too - this is the biggest change I'm requesting. Let me know if you have questions here.

> Task ‘create_snowflake_objects’:

Author: Forsure, will implement right now.

                                                    include=list(weaviate_class_objects.keys()),
                                                    replace_existing=True)
        
        _restore_weaviate.doc_md = dedent(
            """
            ### Restoring Demo Data  
            In order to speed up the demo process the data has already been ingested into weaviate 
            and vectorized.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore.

            This task restores the pre-vectorized demo data using the backup.zip file downloaded 
            in the `download_weaviate_backup` task.  

            Upstream tasks will try to import to weaviate will but will be `skipped` since they 
            already exist.  For any new data Weaviate will use OpenAI embeddings to vectorize 
            and import data.
            """
        )

        download_weaviate_backup() >> _restore_weaviate

        return _snowpark_model_registry, _restore_weaviate
```

The DAG then runs the “enter” task group, which includes 3 tasks to set up a Weaviate database, and create a Snowpark model registry if none exists already:

Task download_weaviate_backup: 

> In order to speed up the demo process the data has already been ingested into Weaviate and vectorized.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore. This task will download the backup.zip and make it available in a docker mounted filesystem for the restore_weaviate task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to speed up the demo process, the data has already been ingested into Weaviate and vectorized.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore. This task will download the backup.zip and make it available in a docker mounted filesystem for the `restore_weaviate` task.
```

                                                .with_column('linear_revenue', 
                                                             F.col('revenue') * (1 / F.col('total_sessions')))
                return attribution_touches

            _customers = jaffle_shop(customers_df=SnowparkTable('stg_customers'),
                                     orders_df=SnowparkTable('stg_orders'),
                                     payments_df=SnowparkTable('stg_payments'))
            
            _mrr = mrr_playbook(subscription_df=SnowparkTable('stg_subscription_periods'))

            _attribution_touches = attribution_playbook(customer_conversions_df=SnowparkTable('stg_customer_conversions'), 
                                                        sessions_df=SnowparkTable('stg_sessions'))
            
            return _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers

        _structured_data = load_structured_data()
        _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers = transform_structured()
        _structured_data >> [_attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers]

        return _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers
```

> The second task group, “structured_data”, uses several dynamically generated task groups to load many structured datasets into our Snowflake database, before transforming them using snowpark, all in parallel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second task group, “structured_data”, uses several dynamically generated task groups to load many structured datasets into the Snowflake database, before transforming them using Snowpark, all in parallel. 
```

Task Group load_structured_data:

> This task group creates parallel tasks to upload many structured datasets from an Astronomer hosted S3 bucket into our Snowflake database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task group creates parallel tasks to upload structured datasets from an Astronomer hosted S3 bucket into the Snowflake database. 
```
Is the Astronomer hosted S3 bucket a public one that's storing the pre-processed data? Maybe we just say "public S3 bucket"? If I read "astronomer hosted S3 bucket" my initial thought is that's something I need to set up a version of myself, or need access to Astronomer, which I don't think is the case here.

Author: Yep, sounds good i'll change it

Task Group transform_structured: 

> This task group uses Snowpark python to transform the structured data to get them in the proper format for the presentation layer and joining with prediction on the unstructured data and the sentiment classifier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task group uses Snowpark Python to transform the structured data into the proper format for the presentation layer and joining with prediction on the unstructured data and the sentiment classifier. 
```

                df['tRANSCRIPT'] = df['tRANSCRIPT'].apply(lambda x: x.replace("\n",""))

                df['UUID'] = df.apply(lambda x: generate_uuid5(x.to_dict(), 'CustomerCall'), axis=1)

                return {"data": df, 
                        "class_name": 'CustomerCall', 
                        "uuid_column": "UUID", 
                        "batch_size": 1000, 
                        "error_threshold": 0}

            _training_table = get_training_pandas(stg_training_table=_stg_training_table)
            _training_table = generate_training_embeddings(stg_training_table=_training_table)
            
            _comment_table = get_comment_pandas(stg_comment_table=_stg_comment_table)
            _comment_table = generate_twitter_embeddings(stg_comment_table=_comment_table)
            
            _calls_table = get_calls_pandas(stg_calls_table=_stg_calls_table)
            _calls_table = generate_call_embeddings(stg_calls_table=_calls_table)

            return _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table
        
        _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table = generate_embeddings()

        return _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table
```

> This task creates or replaces staging table within Snowflake, and then uses Snowpark python to extract call data and load it into that staging table. This stage is a directory table which means that we can query the structure like any other table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task creates or replaces a staging table within Snowflake, and then uses Snowpark Python to extract call data and load it into that staging table. This stage is a directory table which means that the structure can be queried like any other table.
```

Author: Updated this section pretty thoroughly before reviewing this, think updates were in line with the goal here

Task load_twitter_comments: 
This task uses the Astro SDK Load File operator to load a parquet file of twitter comments into a table called STG_TWITTER_COMMENTS. 

Task load_comment_training: 
This task loads a comment training parquet file into a Snowflake table called STG_COMMENT_TRAINING

Task transcribe_calls: 
This task uses Snowpark to transcribe the raw support calls we uploaded to the directory table previously. We will query the file location (URI) and use that to read the file and transcribe the audio with OpenAI Whipser

Task Group generate_embeddings:

> This task group generates embeddings for our training comment data, twitter comment data, and for our transcribed support call data. These embeddings are generated as part of importing them into the Weaviate vector database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task group generates embeddings for the training comment data, twitter comment data, and the transcribed support call data. These embeddings are generated as part of importing them into the Weaviate vector database. 
```

                                                      PATTERN='{xcom_stage_string}'""").collect()
    
    _create_snowflake_objects = create_snowflake_objects(snowflake_objects, calls_directory_stage).as_setup() 

    with cleanup_temp_tables(snowflake_objects).as_teardown(setups=_create_snowflake_objects):
        _snowpark_model_registry, _restore_weaviate = enter()

        _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers = structured_data()
        
        _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table = unstructured_data()

        _model = train_sentiment_classifier(class_name='CommentTraining',
                                            snowpark_model_registry=_snowpark_model_registry)
        
        _pred_calls_table, _pred_comment_table = score_sentiment()
        
        _exit = exit()
        
        _restore_weaviate >> [_training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table] >> _model
```

Task Clean-up Temp Tables:
Our final task will be run as an Airflow 2.7 [teardown task](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-setup-teardown).  The task deletes the intermediate, temporary data passed between Snowpark tasks for resource optimization. 

> 

Reviewer: @astronautyates this one too.

- ML model management with [Snowflake ML](https://docs.snowflake.com/LIMITEDACCESS/snowflake-ml-modeling)
  
All of the above are presented in a [Streamlit](http://www.streamlit.io) application.  

## Before you start

Before trying this example, make sure you have:

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/overview).
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).
- A [Snowflake](https://www.snowflake.com/en/) Account with AccountAdmin permissions
- (Optional) OpenAI account or [Trial Account](https://platform.openai.com/signup)

## Clone the project

Clone the example project from the [Astronomer GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/tree/main).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo
cd airflow-snowparkml-demo 
```

:::note
Open the `.env` file in an editor and update the following variables with you account information. You only need to update the Snowflake Connection details to be able to run the Customer Analytics DAG. However, if you'd like to enable chat capabilities in the final streamlit application, please add an OpenAI API key where designated in the .env file as well. 

> This demo assumes the use of a new Snowflake trial account with admin privileges.  A database named 'DEMO' and schema named 'DEMO' will be created in the DAG.  Running this demo without admin privileges or with existing database/schema will require further updates to the `.env` file.

Reviewer: Only this paragraph should be part of the note box. The first paragraph about opening the .env and updating it should be regular text.

:::

```text
AIRFLOW_CONN_SNOWFLAKE_DEFAULT='{"conn_type": "snowflake", "login": "<USER_NAME>", "password": "<PASSWORD>", "schema": "DEMO", "extra": {"account": "<ORG_NAME>-<ACCOUNT_NAME>", "warehouse": "COMPUTE_WH", "database": "DEMO", "region": "", "role": "ACCOUNTADMIN", "authenticator": "snowflake", "session_parameters": null, "application": "AIRFLOW"}}'
OPENAI_APIKEY='sk-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx' 
``` 

> ** The Snowflake `account` field of the connection should use the new `ORG_NAME-ACCOUNT_NAME` format as per [Snowflake Account Identifier policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier).  The ORG and ACCOUNT names can be found in the confirmation email or in the Snowflake login link (ie. `https://xxxxxxx-yyy11111.snowflakecomputing.com/console/login`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snowflake `account` field of the connection should use the new `ORG_NAME-ACCOUNT_NAME` format as per [Snowflake Account Identifier policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier).  The ORG and ACCOUNT names can be found in your Snowflake trial confirmation email or in the Snowflake login link (ie. `https://xxxxxxx-yyy11111.snowflakecomputing.com/console/login`).
```

```bash
cd include/streamlit/src
python -m streamlit run ./streamlit_app.py
```

You can then open the [streamlit application](http://localhost:8501) in a browser. All of the customer analytics produced by your DAG will be visualized here, and if you've added an Open-AI key to your .env file, you'll be able to leverage the chatbot functionality to search for customer reviews by keyword as depicted below: 

![A screenshot of the Airflow UI with active Customer Analytics DAG](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_chatinteraction_streamlit_5.png.png)

## Project Code

This project consists of two DAGs, a basic example `snowpark_ml_dag` DAG, and a much more complex [customer_analytics DAG.](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/blob/main/dags/customer_analytics.py) This guide will solely focus on the `customer_analytics` DAG which demonstrates an end-to-end ML application workflow using OpenAI embeddings with a Weaviate vector database as well as Snowpark decorators, the Snowflake XCom backend, and the Snowpark ML model registry. The Astro CLI is adapted to include additional Docker-based services for Weaviate and Streamlit. 

> # Setup Tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup Tasks
```

> 

Reviewer: For each of these subsections in Project code, I think we need a sentence up front describing what the section is. So for this one, something like "The first couple of tasks in the DAG setup the structure needed to run the model, including creating the necessary Snowflake objects, downloading data, and checking the Snowpark model registry". And then something similar for the other sections.

Reviewer: @astronautyates sorry for the confusion - I meant adding a sentence __in__ the subsection. So under `### Setup Tasks`, describe generally what the tasks in the section do, not all up front under Project Code. The descriptions there look fine, so just move them into the relevant sections. I think it's a bit confusing to start a section off directly with code.

- Task `download_weaviate_backup`: In order to speed up the demo process, the data has already been ingested into Weaviate and vectorized.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore. This task will download the backup.zip and make it available in a docker mounted filesystem for the `restore_weaviate` task.

- Task `restore_weaviate`: This task exists speeds up the demo for subsequent runs. By restoring prefetched embeddings to Weaviate, the later tasks will skip embeddings and only make calls to OpenAI for data it hasn't yet embedded.

- Task `check_model_registry`: This task checks if a Snowpark model registry exists in the specified database and schema. If not, it creates one and returns a dictionary containing the database and schema information.

> # Structured Data Ingestion and Transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Structured data ingestion and transformation
```

- Task `mrr_playbook`: This task is dedicated to computing the Monthly Recurring Revenue (MRR), a crucial metric for subscription-based businesses. It starts by constructing a timeline of months since a specific start date and then matches this timeline with subscription data to determine the active subscription periods for each customer. The task then performs detailed calculations to determine the MRR for each customer in each month. 

- Task `attribution_playbook`: This task tackles the complex challenge of marketing attribution, aiming to understand how different marketing efforts contribute to customer conversions. It does this by linking customer conversion data with their session data. The task then applies various attribution models, such as first touch, last touch, and linear, to assign credit to different marketing touchpoints. It calculates the revenue attributed to each touchpoint based on the chosen model, providing insights into which marketing channels are most effective in driving customer conversions.

> # Unstructured Data Ingestion and Transformation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unstructured data ingestion and transformation
```

- `transcribe_calls` Task: After loading the call recordings, this task transcribes them using the Whisper model. It extracts audio files from the specified Snowflake stage, processes each file through the OpenAI Whisper model to generate transcripts, and then returns a dataframe containing customer IDs, relative paths of the recordings, and their transcriptions.

- `generate_embeddings` Task Group: The final subgroup focuses on generating embeddings for different data types using OpenAI's models before importing them into the Weaviate vector database.

  - `generate_training_embeddings` Task: Processes the training data loaded earlier to create embeddings using an OpenAI model. The embeddings are then used for sentiment analysis.
    
  - `generate_twitter_embeddings` Task: Similar to the previous task, but focuses on Twitter comments. It transforms the loaded Twitter data and generates embeddings for analyzing customer sentiment.
    
  - `generate_call_embeddings` Task: Processes the transcribed call data to generate embeddings. These embeddings provide insights into overall sentiment expressed during the calls.

> # Model Training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Model training
```

                                                snowpark_model_registry=_snowpark_model_registry, 
                                                model=_model)

        return _pred_calls_table, _pred_comment_table
```

- `call_sentiment` Task: This task retrieves vectors and properties of data objects from Weaviate, a vector search engine, for the class CustomerCall. It then normalizes the properties and uses the vectors as features for a sentiment analysis model loaded from Snowflake's Model Registry. The sentiment scores are predicted using the predict_proba method of the model, focusing on the probability associated with one of the classes. It outputs a Snowpark dataframe containing the original data enhanced with sentiment scores.

- `twitter_sentiment` Task: Similar in structure to the call_sentiment task, this task also retrieves vectors and properties from Weaviate for the class CustomerComment. It processes the data in the same way, using a model from Snowflake's Model Registry to predict sentiment scores. It outputs a Snowpark dataframe that includes Twitter comment data augmented with their respective sentiment scores.

> # Creating Reporting Tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create reporting tables
```

                                                      PATTERN='{xcom_stage_string}'""").collect()
    
    _create_snowflake_objects = create_snowflake_objects(snowflake_objects, calls_directory_stage).as_setup() 

    with cleanup_temp_tables(snowflake_objects).as_teardown(setups=_create_snowflake_objects):
        _snowpark_model_registry, _restore_weaviate = enter()

        _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers = structured_data()
        
        _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table = unstructured_data()

        _model = train_sentiment_classifier(class_name='CommentTraining',
                                            snowpark_model_registry=_snowpark_model_registry)
        
        _pred_calls_table, _pred_comment_table = score_sentiment()
        
        _exit = exit()
        
        _restore_weaviate >> [_training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table] >> _model
```

`cleanup_temp_tables` Task: The final task is a [teardown task](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-setup-teardown).  The task deletes the intermediate, temporary data passed between Snowpark tasks for resource optimization. 

> # See Also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# See also
```

> - https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-snowpark

Reviewer: This list looks good, but let's update these to linked text. So something like
- Documentation: [setup/teardown tasks](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-setup-teardown)
- Tutorial: [orchestrating weaviate with Airflow](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-weaviate)
etc.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo
cd airflow-snowparkml-demo 
```
Open the `.env` file in an editor and update the following variables with you account information. You only need to update the Snowflake Connection details to be able to run the Customer Analytics DAG. However, if you'd like to enable chat capabilities in the final streamlit application, please add an OpenAI API key where designated in the .env file as well. 

:::note
This demo assumes the use of a new Snowflake trial account with admin privileges.  A database named 'DEMO' and schema named 'DEMO' will be created in the DAG.  Running this demo without admin privileges or with existing database/schema will require further updates to the `.env` file.
:::

```text
AIRFLOW_CONN_SNOWFLAKE_DEFAULT='{"conn_type": "snowflake", "login": "<USER_NAME>", "password": "<PASSWORD>", "schema": "DEMO", "extra": {"account": "<ORG_NAME>-<ACCOUNT_NAME>", "warehouse": "COMPUTE_WH", "database": "DEMO", "region": "", "role": "ACCOUNTADMIN", "authenticator": "snowflake", "session_parameters": null, "application": "AIRFLOW"}}'
OPENAI_APIKEY='sk-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx' 
``` 

> The Snowflake `account` field of the connection should use the new `ORG_NAME-ACCOUNT_NAME` format as per [Snowflake Account Identifier policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier).  The ORG and ACCOUNT names can be found in your Snowflake trial confirmation email or in the Snowflake login link (ie. `https://xxxxxxx-yyy11111.snowflakecomputing.com/console/login`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the the new `ORG_NAME-ACCOUNT_NAME` format for the Snowflake `account` field of the connection as explained in the [Snowflake Account Identifier policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier).  You can find the `ORG` and `ACCOUNT` names in your Snowflake trial confirmation email or in the Snowflake login link, for example, `https://xxxxxxx-yyy11111.snowflakecomputing.com/console/login`.
```

Do not specify a `region` when using this format for accounts.
  
:::note

> Database and Schema names should be CAPITALIZED due to a bug in Snowpark ML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Capitalize `database` and `schema` names due to a bug in Snowpark ML.
```

:::

## Run the project

> To run the example project, first make sure Docker Desktop is running. Then, open your project directory and run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To run the example project, first make sure Docker Desktop is running. 

2. Then, open your project directory in terminal and run:
```

```sh
astro dev start
```

This command builds your project and spins up 5 Docker containers on your machine to run it. In addition to the 4 standard Airflow containers, a Weaviate container is spun up. This allows you to run a fully local Weaviate environment for local development, giving every developer their own dedicated testing environment.

![A screenshot of the Airflow UI with active Customer Analytics DAG](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_activeplaybutton_4.png)

> After the command finishes, open the the [Airflow UI](http://localhost:8080/) and trigger the `customer_analytics` DAG using the play button. Then, monitor its status as it completes via the graph view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. After the command finishes, open the the [Airflow UI](http://localhost:8080/) and trigger the `customer_analytics` DAG by clicking the play button. Then, monitor its status as it completes via the graph view.
```

### View Results in Streamlit

> Once the DAG has completed, you can view the results in a Streamlit customer analytics dashboard. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the DAG completes, you can view the results in a Streamlit customer analytics dashboard. 
```

> Streamlit has been installed alongside the Airflow UI in the webserver container, and there's a script in the include directory called `streamlit_app.py` that you'll use to create the dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Streamlit is installed alongside the Airflow UI in the webserver container, and there's a script in the `include` directory called `streamlit_app.py` that you use to create the dashboard.
```

> To do so, first go to your project's root directory and connect to the webserver container with the Astro CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Go to your project's root directory and connect to the webserver container with the Astro CLI by running the following command.
```

```bash
astro dev bash -w
``` 

> Then, run the following command to start Streamlit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command to start Streamlit.
```

```bash
cd include/streamlit/src
python -m streamlit run ./streamlit_app.py
```

> You can then open the [streamlit application](http://localhost:8501) in a browser. All of the customer analytics produced by your DAG will be visualized here, and if you've added an Open-AI key to your .env file, you'll be able to leverage the chatbot functionality to search for customer reviews by keyword as depicted below: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Open the [streamlit application](http://localhost:8501) in a browser to see a visualization of all the customer analytics that your DAG produces. If you added an Open-AI key to your `.env` file, you can use the chatbot functionality to search for customer reviews by keyword.
```

![A screenshot of the Airflow UI with active Customer Analytics DAG](/img/use_case_images/snowpark_weaviate_use_case/use-case-snowpark_weaviate_chatinteraction_streamlit_5.png.png)

## Project Code

> This project consists of two DAGs, a basic example `snowpark_ml_dag` DAG, and a much more complex [customer_analytics DAG.](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/blob/main/dags/customer_analytics.py) This guide will solely focus on the `customer_analytics` DAG which demonstrates an end-to-end ML application workflow using OpenAI embeddings with a Weaviate vector database as well as Snowpark decorators, the Snowflake XCom backend, and the Snowpark ML model registry. The Astro CLI is adapted to include additional Docker-based services for Weaviate and Streamlit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project consists of two DAGs, a basic example `snowpark_ml_dag` DAG, and a much more complex [customer_analytics DAG.](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-snowparkml-demo/blob/main/dags/customer_analytics.py). This guide focuses on the `customer_analytics` DAG, which demonstrates an end-to-end ML application workflow using OpenAI embeddings with a Weaviate vector database. The `customer_analytics` DAG also includes examples of Snowpark decorators, the Snowflake XCom backend, and the Snowpark ML model registry. 

The Astro CLI commands include additional Docker-based services for Weaviate and Streamlit.
```

                                        run_id varchar NOT NULL,
                                        multi_index integer NOT NULL,
                                        key varchar NOT NULL,
                                        value_type varchar NOT NULL,
                                        value varchar NOT NULL
                                 ); 
                              """).collect()
        
        snowpark_session.sql(f"""CREATE OR REPLACE STAGE \
                                {snowflake_objects['demo_database']}.\
                                {snowflake_objects['demo_schema']}.\
                                {calls_directory_stage} 
                                        DIRECTORY = (ENABLE = TRUE) 
                                        ENCRYPTION = (TYPE = 'SNOWFLAKE_SSE');
                                """).collect()
```

```python
@task_group()
    def enter():
        """
        Using an `enter()` task group allows us to group together tasks that should be run to setup 
        state for the rest of the DAG.  Functionally this is very similar to setup tasks but allows 
        some additional flexibility in dependency mapping.

>         """

Reviewer 2: Should some of this description be introduced before the code example?

Author: Great idea!

                                                    backend='filesystem', 
                                                    id='backup',
                                                    include=list(weaviate_class_objects.keys()),
                                                    replace_existing=True)
        
        _restore_weaviate.doc_md = dedent(
            """
            ### Restoring Demo Data  
            In order to speed up the demo process the data has already been ingested into weaviate 
            and vectorized.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore.

            This task restores the pre-vectorized demo data using the backup.zip file downloaded 
            in the `download_weaviate_backup` task.  

            Upstream tasks will try to import to weaviate will but will be `skipped` since they 
            already exist.  For any new data Weaviate will use OpenAI embeddings to vectorize 
            and import data.
            """
        )

        download_weaviate_backup() >> _restore_weaviate

        return _snowpark_model_registry, _restore_weaviate
```

> - Task `create_snowflake_objects`: Our first task creates Snowflake objects (databases, schemas, stages, etc.) prior to running any tasks, since we are assuming you are starting with a fresh trial account. This is implemented using the new setup/teardown task feature, and has a corresponding clean up task at the end of the DAG. This means that no matter what, temp tables used for this project will be deleted after usage to prevent unnecessary consumption, mimicking how you might use them in a production setting! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Task `create_snowflake_objects`: The first task creates Snowflake objects (like databases, schemas, and stages) prior to running any tasks, since this demonstrations assumes you started with a fresh trial account. The task creation uses the Airflow setup/teardown task feature, and has a corresponding clean up task at the end of the DAG. This means that no matter what, Airflow deletes temp tables used for this project after usage to prevent unnecessary consumption, mimicking how you might use them in a production setting! 
```

> - Task `download_weaviate_backup`: In order to speed up the demo process, the data has already been ingested into Weaviate and vectorized.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore. This task will download the backup.zip and make it available in a docker mounted filesystem for the `restore_weaviate` task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Task `download_weaviate_backup`: To speed up the demonstration process, the data you use has been ingested  into Weaviate and vectorized in advance.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore. This task downloads the `backup.zip` and makes it available in a Docker mounted filesystem for the `restore_weaviate` task.
```

> - Task `restore_weaviate`: This task exists speeds up the demo for subsequent runs. By restoring prefetched embeddings to Weaviate, the later tasks will skip embeddings and only make calls to OpenAI for data it hasn't yet embedded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Task `restore_weaviate`: This task speeds up the demo for subsequent runs. By restoring prefetched embeddings to Weaviate, later tasks skip embeddings and only make calls to OpenAI for data it hasn't yet embedded.
```

            
            _mrr = mrr_playbook(subscription_df=SnowparkTable('stg_subscription_periods'))

            _attribution_touches = attribution_playbook(customer_conversions_df=SnowparkTable('stg_customer_conversions'), 
                                                        sessions_df=SnowparkTable('stg_sessions'))
            
            return _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers

        _structured_data = load_structured_data()
        _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers = transform_structured()
        _structured_data >> [_attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers]

        return _attribution_touches, _mrr, _customers
```

- Task Group `load_structured_data`: This task group uses a for loop to dynamically create tasks to upload structured datasets containing customer information from various data sources bucket into a Snowflake database. For each source in `data_sources`, this task loads a CSV file (named source.csv) from a specified URI (`restore_data_uri`).

- Task Group `transform_structured`: This task group encompasses three different tasks that transform the structured data into reporting-ready format. The tasks are as follows: 

> - Task `jaffle_shop`: This task begins by aggregating orders to calculate each customer's first and most recent order dates, as well as their total number of orders. Next, it joins the payments data with the orders, grouping by customer ID to sum up the total payment amounts.  This results in a comprehensive view of each customer's transaction history.

Author: Fixed

                df['tRANSCRIPT'] = df['tRANSCRIPT'].apply(lambda x: x.replace("\n",""))

                df['UUID'] = df.apply(lambda x: generate_uuid5(x.to_dict(), 'CustomerCall'), axis=1)

                return {"data": df, 
                        "class_name": 'CustomerCall', 
                        "uuid_column": "UUID", 
                        "batch_size": 1000, 
                        "error_threshold": 0}

            _training_table = get_training_pandas(stg_training_table=_stg_training_table)
            _training_table = generate_training_embeddings(stg_training_table=_training_table)
            
            _comment_table = get_comment_pandas(stg_comment_table=_stg_comment_table)
            _comment_table = generate_twitter_embeddings(stg_comment_table=_comment_table)
            
            _calls_table = get_calls_pandas(stg_calls_table=_stg_calls_table)
            _calls_table = generate_call_embeddings(stg_calls_table=_calls_table)

            return _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table
        
        _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table = generate_embeddings()

        return _training_table, _comment_table, _calls_table

> ```

Author: Done!

        
        weaviate_client = WeaviateHook('weaviate_default').get_conn()

        df = pd.DataFrame(weaviate_client.data_object.get(with_vector=True, class_name=class_name)['objects'])
        df = pd.concat([pd.json_normalize(df['properties']), df['vector']], axis=1)

        model_version = uuid1().urn
        model_name='sentiment_classifier'

        X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(df['vector'], df['lABEL'], test_size=.3, random_state=1883)
        X_train = np.array(X_train.values.tolist())
        y_train = np.array(y_train.values.tolist())
        X_test = np.array(X_test.values.tolist())
        y_test = np.array(y_test.values.tolist())
        
        model = LGBMClassifier(random_state=42)
        model.fit(X=X_train, y=y_train, eval_set=(X_test, y_test))

        model_id = registry.log_model(
            model=model, 
            model_name=model_name, 
            model_version=model_version, 
            sample_input_data=X_test[0].reshape(1,-1),
            tags={'stage': 'dev', 'model_type': 'lightgbm.LGBMClassifier'})
        
        return {'name': model_id.get_name(), 'version':model_id.get_version()}
```

> - `train_sentiment_classifier` Task: After the structured and unstructured data has been extracted, transformed/transcribed, and loaded, it is used to train a sentiment classifier model in Snowpark.  The embedding vectors in Weaviate along with a sentiment-labeled dataset allow you to train a very simple classifier.  While model tuning and optimization are outside the scope of this demo, those steps could also be performed in parallel tasks. After the model has been trained, it is registered into the Snowflake model registry so that it can be used to generate sentiment predictions. One of the biggest advantages of this approach is that you can run your model on the data within Snowpark. It is not necessary to extract the data to cloud object storage for inference.  

Author: Yeah I think the line on model tuning/optimizaiton warrants removing to avoid confusion, and editing to make clearer overall in line with your suggestions

            return snowpark_session.create_dataframe(df.rename(columns=str.upper))
        
        _pred_calls_table = call_sentiment(class_name='CustomerCall',
                                           snowpark_model_registry=_snowpark_model_registry, 
                                           model=_model)
        
        _pred_comment_table = twitter_sentiment(class_name='CustomerComment',
                                                snowpark_model_registry=_snowpark_model_registry, 
                                                model=_model)

        return _pred_calls_table, _pred_comment_table
```

- `call_sentiment` Task: This task retrieves vectors and properties of data objects from Weaviate, a vector search engine, for the class CustomerCall. It then normalizes the properties and uses the vectors as features for a sentiment analysis model loaded from Snowflake's Model Registry. The sentiment scores are predicted using the predict_proba method of the model, focusing on the probability associated with one of the classes. It outputs a Snowpark dataframe containing the original data enhanced with sentiment scores.

> - `twitter_sentiment` Task: Similar in structure to the call_sentiment task, this task also retrieves vectors and properties from Weaviate for the class CustomerComment. It processes the data in the same way, using a model from Snowflake's Model Registry to predict sentiment scores. It outputs a Snowpark dataframe that includes Twitter comment data augmented with their respective sentiment scores.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `twitter_sentiment` Task: Similar in structure to the `call_sentiment` task, this task also retrieves vectors and properties from Weaviate for the class `CustomerComment`. The task processes the data in the same way, using a model from Snowflake's Model Registry to predict sentiment scores. It outputs a Snowpark dataframe that includes Twitter comment data augmented with their respective sentiment scores.
```

Excellent. Super clear!

### Create reporting tables

> After the model has genereated its predictions, the results are cleaned and organized into presentation tables for viewing via a streamlit application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the model has generated its predictions, the next tasks cleans and organizes the results into presentation tables for viewing using a Streamlit application. 
```

                                                         F.lit(' '), 
                                                         F.col('LAST_NAME')))\
                                   .select(['CUSTOMER_ID', 
                                            'NAME', 
                                            'CLV', 
                                            'LAST_ACTIVE_MONTH', 
                                            'SENTIMENT_SCORE'])\
                                   .write.save_as_table('PRES_CHURN', mode='overwrite')
            
            pred_calls_table.write.save_as_table('PRED_CUSTOMER_CALLS', mode='overwrite')
            pred_comment_table.write.save_as_table('PRED_TWITTER_COMMENTS', mode='overwrite')
            attribution_df.write.save_as_table('ATTRIBUTION_TOUCHES', mode='overwrite')
        
        create_presentation_tables(attribution_df=_attribution_touches, 
                                   mrr_df=_mrr, 
                                   customers_df=_customers,
                                   pred_calls_table=_pred_calls_table, 
                                   pred_comment_table=_pred_comment_table)
```

> - `Create_Presentation_Tables` Task: The `create_presentation_tables` task is designed to consolidate and process various data sources to create tables specifically for presentation in a Streamlit app. This function takes in five Snowpark tables as input: `attribution_df`, `mrr_df`, `customers_df`, `pred_calls_table`, and `pred_comment_table`. Each of these tables is processed to generate new tables suited for visual presentation and analysis. Here's a summary of each step:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Create_Presentation_Tables` Task: The `create_presentation_tables` task consolidates and processes various data sources to create tables specifically for presentation in a Streamlit app. This function takes five Snowpark tables as input: `attribution_df`, `mrr_df`, `customers_df`, `pred_calls_table`, and `pred_comment_table`. The task processes each of these tables to generate new tables suited for visual presentation and analysis. The following shares a summary of each step:
```

>   - Customer Data Processing: Enhances the customers_df table by adding a rounded 'Customer Lifetime Value' (CLV) column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Customer Data Processing: Enhances the `customers_df` table by adding a rounded 'Customer Lifetime Value' (CLV) column.
```

>   - Sentiment Analysis: Combines sentiment data from call and comment tables. It calculates the average sentiment score for each customer based on call and comment data. The final sentiment score is the average of these two scores, and customers are bucketed into sentiment categories. This processed data is saved as the PRES_SENTIMENT table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Sentiment Analysis: Combines sentiment data from `pred_calls_table` and `pred_comment_table` tables. It calculates the average sentiment score for each customer based on call and comment data. The final sentiment score is the average of these two scores, and customers are bucketed into sentiment categories. This processed data is saved as the `PRES_SENTIMENT` table.
```

>   - Advertising Spend Analysis: Processes the attribution_df table to understand the revenue generated from different advertising mediums. The data is grouped by the medium, and the revenue is summed up for each group. This table is saved as PRES_AD_SPEND.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Advertising Spend Analysis: Processes the `attribution_df` table to understand the revenue generated from different advertising mediums. The data is grouped by the medium, and the revenue is summed up for each group. The task saves the table as `PRES_AD_SPEND`.
```

>   - Customer Lifetime Value (CLV) Analysis: Creates a comprehensive view of customer lifetime value by joining customers_df with sentiment data. It sorts the data by CLV and includes various customer details. This table, named PRES_CLV, is valuable for understanding the high-value customers and their sentiment scores.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Customer Lifetime Value (CLV) Analysis: Creates a comprehensive view of customer lifetime value by joining `customers_df` with sentiment data. It sorts the data by CLV and includes various customer details. This table, named `PRES_CLV`, is valuable for understanding the high-value customers and their sentiment scores.
```
For understanding the customers or identifying them?

Author: Understanding them, their purchase history, usage trends etc

>   - Churn Analysis: Analyzes churn by joining customer data with MRR data and sentiment scores. It filters for customers who have churned and sorts them by their last active month. This table, PRES_CHURN, is critical for identifying recently churned customers and understanding their value and sentiment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Churn Analysis: Analyzes churn by joining customer data with MRR data and sentiment scores. It filters for customers who have churned and sorts them by their last active month. This table, `PRES_CHURN`, is critical for identifying recently churned customers and understanding their value and sentiment.
```

>   - Saving Raw Sentiment Data: The raw sentiment data for customer calls (pred_calls_table) and Twitter comments (pred_comment_table) are saved as PRED_CUSTOMER_CALLS and PRED_TWITTER_COMMENTS, respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Saving Raw Sentiment Data: The raw sentiment data for customer calls (`pred_calls_table`) and Twitter comments (`pred_comment_table`) are saved as `PRED_CUSTOMER_CALLS` and `PRED_TWITTER_COMMENTS`, respectively.
```

>   - Saving Attribution Touches: The attribution_df table is saved as ATTRIBUTION_TOUCHES, which holds detailed data on customer interactions and their revenue attribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Saving Attribution Touches: The `attribution_df` table is saved as `ATTRIBUTION_TOUCHES`, which holds detailed data on customer interactions and their revenue attribution.
```

- Task `download_weaviate_backup`: To speed up the demonstration process, the data you use has been ingested  into Weaviate and vectorized in advance.  The data was then backed up and stored in the cloud for easy restore. This task downloads the `backup.zip` and makes it available in a Docker mounted filesystem for the `restore_weaviate` task.

- Task `restore_weaviate`: This task speeds up the demo for subsequent runs. By restoring prefetched embeddings to Weaviate, later tasks skip embeddings and only make calls to OpenAI for data it hasn't yet embedded.

- Task `check_model_registry`: This task checks if a Snowpark model registry exists in the specified database and schema. If not, it creates one and returns a dictionary containing the database and schema information.

### Structured data ingestion and transformation

The structured data contains various data points about customers, such as their purchasing histories and lifetime value, all of which are transformed using Snowpark so you can easily join it with the unstructured data.

> ```python

Reviewer 2: I've got some mixed thoughts about the size of this code block. Fully maximized, I can't skim all the code and it's long enough that it's a little difficult to ready. Maybe @TJaniF or @kentdanas have thoughts about how y'all have handled similar formatting in other places in Learn?

Reviewer: Yeah it's tricky - generally we break up big chunks of code with descriptive text and more, smaller blocks. In this particular case, this chunk of code happens to be a single logical piece of the pipeline (it's a single task group), so it doesn't break up neatly into smaller pieces. (This pipeline is general is a lot meatier than other things we publish). 

One thing we could do is not include all the code in general. These Use Cases aren't designed for people to copy code from them - they're meant to add a descriptive walkthrough (and SEO) to a repo that somebody would clone in its entirety. So we could for instance, include one of the nested task groups as a representative example, and just add a `...` and a note in the text to indicate that there is more code in the full example. @astronautyates do you think there's a logical way to do that here?

Author: So with the block that was previously below being moved up to split the sections I think it's more readable now, but lmk what y'all think. Edited in line with your comments about moving the explanations ahead of the respectives code blocks

Reviewer: It is definitely better now. I still think the code blocks are pretty long, but I'm inclined to publish as-is rather than trying to take some of the code out, and see how it does (if we get negative feedback we can change it). We won't have too many that are this dense, so I'm not super concerned about process for this.
